gh-71253: Match _io exception in _pyio (#133985)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-05-13-18-21-59.gh-issue-71253.-3Sf_K.rst

> Raise ValueError if an opener returns a negative fd in ``_pyio``

Reviewer: Some cleanups:
```suggestion
Raise :exc:`ValueError` if an opener returns a negative file-descriptor in ``_pyio``
```
I'd also rephrase this to say something like "Python implementation of `io`" rather than referring to `_pyio`, but it's up to you.
